Chumley, voice-over:
LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
WITHOUT FURTHER ADO,
ALLOW ME TO INTRODUCE
OUR GUEST TAG TEAM DUO,
THE PARADOX BROTHERS!
SALUTATIONS,
YOU FOOLS.
HOPE YOU'RE READY
TO DUEL.
I'M TELLING YOU,
WE'LL BEAT THESE GUYS, SY.
PREPARE YOURSELVES.
I SACRIFICE SUIJIN, KAZEJIN,
AND SANGA OF THE THUNDER
SO THAT I CAN NOW SUMMON
THE ULTIMATE MONSTER--
GATE GUARDIAN.
GO, DESTROY STEAM GYROID!
TIDAL SURGE ATTACK!
YOU LIFE POINTS
ARE FALLING.
YOUR GAME PLAY'S
APPALLING.
Both: THERE'S NOTHING
TO BE DONE
EXCEPT GIVE UP
AND START BAWLING.
Man, on P.A.:
ATTENTION, JADEN YUKI,
IT IS YOUR TURN.
YOU MUST MAKE A MOVE
OR YOU WILL BE DISQUALIFIED.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKIN' TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOMETHINGS
YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX! ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT! ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON,
YOU BETTER PLAY
YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE
THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX! ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON,
YOU BETTER PLAY
YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪
WELL, IT'S TWO
MONSTERS TO NONE.
THAT'S A SIMPLE
CALCULATION TO FIGURE.
THEY'LL BE KNACKERED.
NICE, BASTION.
NOW YOU'RE
DOGGING THEM
IN WORDS
I DON'T EVEN
UNDERSTAND.
COME ON,
WE HAVE TO BELIEVE
THAT JADEN
HAS A STRATEGY.
OH, I'M CERTAIN
THAT HE DOES.
IT'S SYRUS
I'M CONCERNED ABOUT.
HE'S WALKED
INTO EVERY TRAP,
SPELL, AND ATTACK
THE PARADOX BROTHERS
HAVE PLAYED.
HE'S BEEN HORRIBLE.
Alexis: YOU KNOW,
ON SECOND THOUGHT,
I LIKED IT BETTER
WHEN I COULDN'T UNDERSTAND
WHAT YOU WERE SAYING.
OH, SORRY.
COME ON.
Chumley, voice-over:
OH, PLEASE, LET THEM WIN.
LET THEM WIN.
I'LL GIVE UP
GRILLED CHEESES
FOR A WEEK.
I'LL JUST FRY THEM
INSTEAD.
GO, TEAM.
Chazz, voice-over:
FINALLY, THOSE
SLIFER SLACKERS
ARE GETTING
THE BEAT DOWN
THEY DESERVE.
I CAN'T WAIT 'TIL
THEY LOSE
AND ARE KICKED OUT
OF DUEL ACADEMY--
ESPECIALLY JADEN.
CHAZZ,
YOU ALL RIGHT?
Chazz, voice-over:
THAT SLIME.
THINKING HE WAS GOING TO BE
THE NEXT KING OF GAMES?
NO WAY.
THAT'S MY DESTINY.
ESPECIALLY SINCE HE'S
ABOUT TO BE EXPELLED.
HA HA HA! I'M A GENIUS.
A PURE GENIUS.
FIRST I LURE THEM DEEP
INSIDE THE ABANDONED DORM.
THEN I ARRANGE THIS
TAG DUEL AS PUNISHMENT.
THEN I HIRE THE WORLD'S
BEST TAG DUELISTS
TO INSURE THEY LOSE
AND GET EXPELLED.
HA HA HA!
SO, CROWLER.
ENJOYING THE BOYS' PUNISHMENT
A LITTLE TOO MUCH, ARE WE?
OH, MY, NO--
YOU MISINTERPRET.
I'M JUST LAUGHING
BECAUSE I'M HAPPY
THE DUEL'S NEARLY DONE.
AFTER ALL,
OUR POOR STUDENTS
LOOK OH, SO WEARY.
I'M THRILLED
THEIR SUFFERING
IS NEARLY THROUGH.
OH, IT DOESN'T LOOK
LIKE THEY'RE SUFFERING
SO MUCH TO ME.
IN FACT, JADEN LOOKS
LIKE HE'S JUST GETTING
HIS SECOND WIND.
WELL, WELL.
THE SLIFER RED FORGES AHEAD
WHEN A SMART DUELIST...
WOULD HAVE FLED.
OH, MAN.
I'M STARTING TO WISH
THE ACADEMY HAD MADE
US SLIFERS ORANGE.
THEN WE WOULDN'T HAVE
TO PUT UP WITH SO MANY
OF THESE AWFUL RHYMES.
HUH?
I KNOW. I DON'T THINK
THEY GOT IT, EITHER.
FORGET ABOUT OUR RHYMING.
JUST FOCUS MORE
ON YOUR CARD PLAY.
FOR WITH THE PARTNER
YOU HAVE...
TO WIN, YOU HAVE
A LONG WAY.
DON'T YOU LISTEN
TO THEM, SY. OK?
BUT THEY'RE RIGHT.
THEY'RE NOT RIGHT, SY.
I KNOW, 'CAUSE YOU'RE
GOING TO BE THE ONE TO
TAKE THAT THING DOWN.
SO, LET'S GO.
FIRST...
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL HERO
SPARKMAN IN ATTACK MODE.
AND THEN NEXT...
I'M GONNA EQUIP
HIM WITH THIS.
SPARK BLASTER.
NOW WITH EACH BLAST FIRED...
I CAN CHANGE THE BATTLE MODE
OF ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS.
AND I'LL START WITH...
GATE GUARDIAN.
TAKE A KNEE.
YOU'RE GOIN' IN
DEFENSE MODE.
WELL, THAT WAS
CERTAINLY AN ODD CHOICE.
UNLESS JADEN HAS
SOMETHING PLANNED,
I'M AFRAID HE'S
WASTED HIS MOVE.
YOU MUST BE A FOOL.
WHEN GATE GUARDIAN'S ON
DEFENSE HE NEVER TIRES.
YOU SITUATION'S
JUST AS DIRE.
AND THOUGH I HATE
TO FEED THE FIRE,
THE DEFENSE WALL
WE PLAYED YOU HAVE
YET TO RETIRE.
Jaden: GREAT. THANKS.
I'M JUST GONNA THROWDOWN A
FACEDOWN NOW AND END MY TURN.
FINE THEN. MY DRAW.
I'LL JUST PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN...
NO MORE, NO LESS.
BROTHER,
YOU DO THE REST.
EXCELLENT DECISION.
I THINK IT'S FOR THE BEST.
FOR I'M QUITE SURE
THAT NEXT TURN,
I'LL WIN US THIS CONTEST.
AW, MAN...
JADEN?
YOU HEARD THEM,
NEXT TURN THEY'RE
GOING TO TAKE US OUT.
THERE'S NO POINT
TO ME EVEN DRAWING.
I SHOULD JUST GIVE UP,
MAYBE THEY'LL
AT LEAST LET YOU HAVE
A REMATCH THEN.
SYRUS. LISTEN TO ME.
HUH?
ONE DRAW.
THAT'S ALL IT TAKES TO TURN
THE TIDE OF AN ENTIRE DUEL.
YOU REMEMBER LAST TIME
YOU HAD ONE DRAW, RIGHT?
YOU'LL NEVER
GET OUTTA THIS.
YEAH, I GIVE.
LET'S HAVE A REMATCH.
BUT FIRST, LET'S SEE
WHAT I WOULDA DRAWN...
AND IT'S--WHOA,
THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING.
YEAH, WELL, IT
DOESN'T CHANGE THE FACT
THAT YOU ALREADY GAVE UP
THE MATCH THOUGH, RIGHT?
HA HA HA!
YA HEAR WHAT
I'M SAYIN', SYRUS?
THERE'S NO SUCH THING
AS A LAST DRAW,
'CAUSE WITH THE RIGHT CARD...
YOU CAN ALWAYS GET
ANOTHER DRAW.
BUT--
NO BUT'S ABOUT IT.
MAKE YOUR MOVE, PAL.
I KNOW YOU CAN DO IT, SY.
IT'S ALL UP TO YOU.
[THINKING]
I KNOW, JADEN...
THAT'S WHAT
I'M AFRAID OF.
AW, MAN.
JADEN SAID MY ONE DRAW
COULD KEEP US FROM
LOSING THIS DUEL.
BUT THE ONLY WAY
WE WON'T LOSE
IS IF I BEAT THAT
GATE GUARDIAN.
[GASP] HMM.
OF COURSE...
WHOA.
THAT CARD IS SWEET.
WITH THE
RIGHT COMBO,
IT CAN BEAT
ANYTHING.
SO CAN I HAVE IT?
OH, COME ON....
NO WAY!
YOU ALWAYS DO THIS!
NO, I DON'T.
REMEMBER MY CHARUBIN?
IT WAS ALREADY BENT.
I NEEDED A COASTER.
OR MY GREAT MAMMOTH
OF GOLDFINE?
PLEEEEEEEEEEASE.
[THINKING]
THAT'S IT.
THAT ONE CARD IS THE
ONLY CHANCE WE HAVE.
BUT IF I DON'T DRAW
IT, WE'RE DONE.
JADEN AND ME...
ALL OUR HOPES OF
BECOMING THE BEST...
EVERYTHING WE'VE
EVER DREAMED ABOUT--
OUR FUN,
OUR FRIENDSHIP,
OUR FUTURE...
IT'LL ALL BE OVER.
ALL RIGHT.
HERE IT GOES.
JADEN.
SY? YOU GOT IT?
WELL THEN SHOW 'EM
THE DRILL.
ALL RIGHT.
I SUMMON DRILLOID
IN ATTACK MODE.
AND GUESS WHAT.
WHEN DRILLOID FIGHTS A
MONSTER IN DEFENSE MODE,
IT'S AUTOMATICALLY
DESTROYED.
UGH!
AW, YEAH.
SO, OPEN WIDE.
DEFENSE WALL.
HEH HEH HEH.
THOSE TWO MUSTA FORGOT
THAT DEFENSE WALL
AUTOMATICALLY INTERCEPTS
ANY ATTACK.
A NICE TRY.
BUT NOT NICE ENOUGH.
GATE GUARDIAN STILL STANDS.
DESPITE YOUR BEST STUFF.
BUT THAT WASN'T
HIS BEST STUFF.
RIGHT, SY?
WHAT?
YEP, BUT NOW THAT YOUR
DEFENSE WALL'S RUBBLE...
YOU'LL GET IT.
WELL, A CERTAIN
MONSTER WILL, ANYWAY.
OHH...
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL
CARD, SHIELD CRUSH.
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND JUST LIKE
THE NAME SAYS,
IT DESTROYS ANY MONSTER
THAT'S TRYING TO HIDE
IN DEFENSE MODE.
JUST LIKE...
THAT GATE GUARDIAN.
NO. GATE GUARDIAN
IS COOKED.
I CAN HARDLY LOOK.
NICE GOIN', SY!
THE BIGGER THEY BRAWL
THE HARDER THEY FALL.
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
FRIED CHEESE, HERE I COME.
NO, THIS IS SUPPOSED
TO BE PUNISHMENT.
AND THIS CROWD'S
TREATING THEM LIKE HEROES.
CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD,
TELL ME YOU'RE
WATCHING THIS.
YES, WELL DONE, CROWLER.
THIS MATCH YOU'VE SET UP
IS PROMOTING TEAMWORK
AND DUELING FORTITUDE.
FINE JOB.
DID YOU SEE THAT?
DID YOU?
TELL ME YOU SAW THAT.
BASTION,
I'M NEXT TO YOU
WATCHING MY FRIENDS
IN THE DUEL
OF THEIR LIVES.
WHADDYA THINK
I'M LOOKING AT?
AH.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT
AMAZES ME EVEN MORE
THAN THEM TAKING DOWN
THAT GATE GUARDIAN?
THE TEAMWORK THAT THEY
USED TO DO IT WITH.
THAT'S WHAT IT'S GOING
TO TAKE TO WIN THIS.
YES. SO LET'S HOPE
THEY CAN KEEP IT UP.
OK. NOW I'LL PLAY
ONE CARD DOWN
AND END MY TURN.
THANKS FOR
THE PEP TALK.
HEY, THANK YOU
FOR THE SWEET MOVE.
SURE.
MIND IF WE JOIN IN ON
ALL THE PRAISE, YOU TWO?
BECAUSE FOR DESTROYING
THAT MONSTER,
WE SHOULD REALLY...
THANK YOU.
THEY SAY WHAT DOESN'T DESTROY
YOU MAKES YOU STRONGER.
AND IT'S TRUE. AFTER ALL,
WE HAVEN'T BEEN DESTROYED,
AND WE'RE ABOUT TO BECOME
MORE POWERFUL THAN EVER.
DARK ELEMENT.
THIS SPELL CARD CAN ACTIVATE
WHENEVER GATE GUARDIAN
IS IN THE GRAVEYARD.
NOW BY PAYING HALF
OUR LIFE POINTS...
WE CAN SUMMON A MONSTER
THAT CAN'T BE BEAT IN BATTLE.
DARK GUARDIAN.
INVINCIBLE IN BATTLE
AND HAS THOSE ATTACK POINTS?
THIS IS BAD.
NOW, GUARDIAN ATTACK
DRILLOID WITH
AX SLASH BASH.
THAT'S IT. IF THIS CONNECTS,
JADEN AND SYRUS WILL LOSE.
JADEN...
HEH HEH.
FAREWELL.
NOT YET.
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN.
HERO BARRIER.
SORRY, FELLAS.
BUT THIS LET'S ME STOP
ONE OF YOUR ATTACKS
SO LONG AS I HAVE
AN ELEMENTAL HERO OUT.
AND AS YOU CAN SEE,
SPARKMAN IS STANDIN' TALL.
AN IMPRESSIVE TRAP CARD.
I NEVER QUITE THOUGHT
THEY'D BE SO HARD.
I KNOW, WE BOMBARD
AND BOMBARD.
OH, WELL, AT LEAST OUR
PRECIOUS DARK GUARDIAN
HAS KEPT UP HIS GUARD.
QUITE RIGHT, BROTHER.
HE WON'T BE BLASTED
TO SHARDS...
HE'LL FINISH THEM
OFF NEXT TURN.
AND THIS DUEL
WILL BE OURS.
[THINKING] JUST WHEN
I STEP UP MY GAME,
THEY STEP UP
THEIRS EVEN MORE.
HA HA HA!
HERE IT COMES, THE MOMENT
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR.
THE MOMENT THESE TWO
LOSE AND GET EXPELLED.
CHIN UP, SY.
THIS MATCH ISN'T OVER YET.
BUT, JAY...
BUT NOTHIN', PAL.
STAND UP.
'CAUSE YOU'LL WANT
A GOOD VIEW FOR WHAT
I'M ABOUT TO PULL.
[GRUNTING]
IT LOOKS LIKE THE BOY
STILL WANTS TO PROCEED.
REALLY, I THOUGHT
SURELY FOR MERCY
HE WOULD PLEAD.
NO, HE WOULD NEED SMARTS
TO KNOW TO CONCEDE.
CAN IT, YOU TWO.
IT'S MY TURN.
AND I ACTIVATE THE
SPELL CARD POT OF GREED.
THIS LETS ME DRAW TWO CARDS.
AND NEXT I'LL PLAY...
FUSION GATE.
WITH THIS CARD, I DON'T
NEED POLYMERIZATION.
I CAN SUMMON ALL THE
FUSION MONSTERS I WANT.
AND I'M GONNA START
BY FUSIN'
ELEMENTAL HERO
AVIAN BUBBLEMAN.
AND WHY DON'T WE THROW
SPARKMAN IN THE MIX AS WELL.
ALL TO CREATE--
WAIT FOR IT--
YEAH! AND THERE HE IS.
THE ELEMENTAL HERO TEMPEST.
FINE CREATURE, BUT IT STILL
CAN'T BEAT THEIR GUARDIAN.
BASTION, JUST
WHOSE SIDE ARE YOU ON?
I HOPE YOU KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE DOING, JADEN.
AN IMPRESSIVE MOVE,
BUT IT'S USELESS BOY.
HAVE YOU FORGETTEN
ABOUT DARK GUARDIAN?
HE'S STILL DEPLOYED...
AND SINCE IN BATTLE,
HE CAN'T BE DESTROYED,
THEIR BEAST
IS NULL AND VOID.
VOID THIS.
SKYSCRAPER...
EVER HEAR THAT YOU SHOULD NEVER
PLAY IN A CONSTRUCTION ZONE?
WELL IT'S TRUE 'CAUSE NOW,
MY ELEMENTAL HERO GETS
AN EXTRA 1000 ATTACK POINTS
BECAUSE IT'S WEAKER
THAN DARK GUARDIAN.
WHAT THE--
NOW, HERO TEMPEST.
ATTACK WITH
POWERHOUSE PLUMMET.
DIDN'T I WARN YOU?
IN BATTLE HE CAN'T BE BEAT.
YOUR ELEMENTAL HERO
TEMPEST HAS BEEN WASTED,
SO JUST ACCEPT...
YOUR DEFEAT.
SY, CAN YA' SPARE A CARD?
SURE. I USE TEMPEST'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
SORRY, YOU GUYS.
BUT SO LONG AS I BANISH ONE
OF OUR CARDS TO THE GRAVEYARD,
TEMPEST ISN'T DESTROYED.
NICE WORK WASTING YOUR
ATTACK THEN, SLACKER.
I DON'T GET IT.
WAS HE HOPING FOR A TIE?
CLEVER.
JUST SO LONG AS SYRUS
KNOWS WHAT TO DO NEXT.
JADEN?
HEY, IT'S COOL.
TRUST ME.
YEAH.
SY, THIS WILL ALL WORK OUT
IF YOU PLAY THE RIGHT CARD
COME YOUR TURN.
IF HE HAS A TURN. HA!
I PLAY THE TRAP CARD,
ONE ON ONE FIGHT.
THOUGH I'M SURE YOU'D
PREFER TO RUN AND HIDE,
THIS CARD FORCES BOTH OUR
STRONGEST MONSTERS TO BATTLE.
SO I HOPE THAT YOUR
ELEMENTAL HERO TEMPEST
IS UP FOR A REMATCH.
BUT WHY?
IT'LL BE A TIE AGAIN.
WHAT'S THE POINT
OF ATTACKING?
I HAVE MY REASONS.
WHA--
AND THEY'RE SNEAKY ONES.
FOR TEMPEST TO KEEP
TYING DARK GUARDIAN,
JADEN WILL HAVE TO KEEP
SACRIFICING CARDS.
AND WHATEVER EDGE
THEY GIVE HIM.
WELL, I HATE TO DO IT,
BUT I HAVE NO CHOICE...
GUESS I GOTTA GET RID
OF SKYSCRAPER.
SO, YOU'VE SAVED
YOUR MONSTER...
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN YOU'VE
SAVED YOUR LIFE POINTS.
THAT'S ALL FOR ME.
AND NEXT TURN I GIVE YOU
MY GUARANTEE.
THIS DUEL WILL BE OURS,
JUST WAIT AND SEE.
ALL RIGHT, SY, REMEMBER
WHAT I SAID...
OH, RIGHT...
[THINKING] THAT THIS
WOULD ALL WORK OUT
IF I PLAYED
THE RIGHT CARD...
[GASP]
GOT IT, SY?
I THINK...
[THINKING] PLAY.
THAT GOES BACK TO WHAT
MY BROTHER WAS SAYING.
ABOUT THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN KNOWING
HOW TO USE A CARD
AND KNOWING HOW
TO PLAY IT.
BUT DO I KNOW
THE DIFFERENCE?
HEY, ZANE?
WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN KNOWING
HOW TO USE A CARD
AND KNOWING
HOW TO PLAY IT?
AREN'T THEY THE SAME?
THAT'S SOMETHING THAT
CAN NEVER BE TAUGHT,
ONLY LEARNED.
IT TAKES A MOMENT
OF PURE CLARITY
WHERE YOU SEE DUELING
ON A DIFFERENT LEVEL.
A HIGHER LEVEL.
ALL THE ANGLES.
ALL THE MOVES.
YOU WON'T THINK.
YOU'LL JUST ACT.
ALL RIGHT.
THEN ENOUGH THINKING.
IT'S TIME FOR ME TO ACT.
NO MORE THINKING.
TIME FOR ACTION.
HERE WE GO. MY DRAW.
OK, FIRST OFF.
I SACRIFICE DRILLOID
TO SUMMON U.F.O.-ROID.
AND ALSO, I ACTIVATE THE
SPELL CARD POWER BOND.
HMM.
IT'S A FUSION CARD.
AND I HAVE JUST THE
TWO MONSTERS TO FUSE.
JADEN, DO YOU MIND?
HEY, WHAT'S MINE
IS YOURS, SY.
THEN I MERGE U.F.O.-ROID
AND TEMPEST
TO CREATE
U.F.O.-ROID FIGHTER.
AND IT GETS BETTER.
HIS ATTACK POINTS
ARE THE SUM TOTAL
OF EACH INDIVIDUAL
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS.
IT MATTERS NOT.
SO, STOP YOUR
CEASELESS PRATTLE.
YOU KNOW DARK GUARDIAN
CAN'T BE DESTROYED
IN BATTLE.
YEAH, THAT'S TRUE...
BUT IT DOESN'T
REALLY MATTER.
'CAUSE POWER BOND
HAS A SPECIAL EFFECT
THAT DOUBLES MY ROID
FIGHTER'S ATTACK POINTS.
TO MAKE 8,000?
SURE, DARK GUARDIAN
WILL SURVIVE THE ATTACK.
BUT IT'LL BE
A DIFFERENT STORY
FOR YOUR LIFE POINTS.
NOW. LET'S GO.
ROID FIGHTER! ATTACK!
COSMIC FLUX BLAST.
WAY TO GO!
WELL, WELL, THEY WON.
I'M GETTING MORE
IMPRESSED EVERY DAY.
I'M JUST HAPPY THAT
JADEN GETS TO STAY HERE.
JADEN AND SYRUS,
YOU MEAN.
WELL, YES, SYRUS,
TOO, OF COURSE.
I JUST SAID JADEN
BECAUSE, I, UH...
MOVING ON.
HEH. I'M OUTTA HERE.
WAIT. WE'RE COMING.
IT CAN'T BE.
HOW'D THEY WIN?
NOT FAIR!
HOW?
BECAUSE OF YOUR SUPERB
TEACHING, OF COURSE.
OH, WAIT,
THEY'RE IN MY DORM.
THAT FURBALL
JUST LICKED ME.
DOES HE HAVE RABIES?
SHOW ME HIS PAPERS.
CALL THE POUND!
LET IT OUT, SYRUS.
I KNOW YOU CRY
WHEN YOU'RE HAPPY.
NO WAY.
NOT THE NEW SYRUS.
[CRYING]
AW, THERE ARE SOMETHING'S
THAT'LL NEVER CHANGE.
WELL, ONE THING THAT
WON'T BE CHANGING
IS YOUR ENROLLMENT
AT THE ACADEMY.
YOU'RE HERE TO STAY.
YEAH!
OH, AND YOU GUYS?
LET ME JUST SAY
IT WAS A GREAT HONOR.
AND IF YA EVER
WANT A REMATCH,
JUST HOLLER.
WELL SAID, JADEN.
AND I'M SURE IT'LL BE
EVEN BETTER WRITTEN.
THAT'S RIGHT, I'D LIKE
A 5 PAGE REPORT.
I WANT TO READ ABOUT
ALL WHAT YOU LEARNED
BY DUELING THE BROTHERS.
AND HOW IT HELPED
YOU REALIZE THAT TRESPASSING
IN THE ABANDONED DORM
WAS WRONG.
AW! TALK ABOUT A BUMMER.
HOW 'BOUT 10 PAGES, THEN?
AND SINGLE-SPACED TOO.
I'LL MAKE SURE THEY
GET IT DONE, CHANCELLOR.
HOW CAN I WRITE
10 PAGES?
I'VE NEVER EVEN
READ THAT MUCH.
[THINKING] I WANNA THINK
I IMPRESSED YOU, ZANE,
THAT I DUELED AT
THAT HIGHER LEVEL,
THAT I SHOWED YOU
I CAN PLAY A CARD,
NOT JUST USE IT.
BUT I KNOW I STILL
HAVE A LOT TO LEARN.
AND A LOT TO LIVE UP TO.
10 WHOLE PAGES.
THAT'S PRACTICALLY A BOOK.
JADEN!
MY LIFE IS SO OVER.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW HOW
TO SPELL PARADOX BROTHERS.
AND DO ALL THEIR
PARTS HAVE TO RHYME?
AW, THIS IS GONNA
TAKE FOREVER.
WHO CARES.
'LEAST YOU'RE
HERE TO STAY.
[LAUGHTER]
HA HA HA!
THAT'S GAME.